bootloader: Rework monotonic counter configuration + fixes (#25402)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  This allows applications to extend the built-in DFU functionality with additional firmware images beyond those natively supported by the |NCS|, for example, firmware for external devices.
  See :ref:`lib_dfu_extra` for details.
* Added an option to restore progress after a power failure when using DFU multi-image with MCUboot.

> * NSIB monotonic counter configuration is now moved to sysbuild and configured using :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_MONOTONIC_COUNTER` and :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_NUM_VER_COUNTER_SLOTS` .

Author: I think this results in a documentation build error. I am waiting for the tech writers review on that

> * NSIB monotonic counter configuration is now moved to sysbuild and configured using :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_MONOTONIC_COUNTER` and :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_NUM_VER_COUNTER_SLOTS` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the NSIB monotonic counter configuration by moving it to sysbuild where it is now configured using the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_MONOTONIC_COUNTER` and :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_NUM_VER_COUNTER_SLOTS` Kconfig options.
```
